## Date: 21/06/5021u RTC
# MISSION AVAILABLE - OPEN CHANNEL [OPEN CONTRACTS > SSF]
This is an open call for pilots for a peacekeeping mission, with the possibility of further collaboration depending on the outcome of the mission. The Scrapheap Security Force is looking for subcontractors to aid in the identification of forces who have claimed a fuel manafacturing plant within the Erren Plain, removal of said hostile occupents, elimination of a priority target, and holding of the plant until **SSF** forces can move in to aid with the re-activation of the plant.

We are looking for skilled pilots above Grade 1E9K and with HAL-SEC credentials, as there may be complications with the reclamation of the plant.

Further details will be provided upon arrival to the Gibraltar Complex, located in sector SC-E-94.

We look forward to working with you.

‎ 

## Date: 25/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, EXTERIOR [SC-E-94]
With a call to aid sent by the Scrapheap Security Force to mercenaries around Scrapheap, a variety of different individuals found themselves arriving at the Gibraltar Complex, looking to take on the mission. 

First to arrive was **BG-001** - a mercenary with a very redacted past - otherwise known as **WHISPER**, landing in a shuttle on the retrofitted landing bay of the Gibraltar - a former cruiser, now converted into a base of operations for the **SSF**. Making his way into the main hangar bay after departing his mech, the GMS XV '**ZENITH**', he observed that the vessel's interior now resembled a shopping mall than a war-ready vessel's interior, he immediately got lost.

Soon to follow through the landing bay was **KIRCHE ALBEDO**, callsign **ECHO** - along with his subaltern companion, **CHURCH**. Leaving **CHURCH** to keep a watchful eye over his mech, the mercenary makes his way down into the refurbished capital ship.

One after another, several more members arrived through the 'front gate' - the old landing bay for the Gibraltar. Leading the charge in a quite literal fashion was **KATZEN SCANAGATTA** - callsign **MITTENS** - on all-fours with her mech, **SOMBRA**. Quickly diverted to the 'express' queue on account of the rather obvious Lancer-ness of the individual, the guard gave her an exasperated look-over before letting them past.

A similar look was given to **ODIN GALLANT**, callsign **CORVUS**, as he swaggered up in his mech, **SOLEMN RAVEN**. Less so for the appearance, and more for the rather long sheet of bounties upon scanning him. All the same, orders were orders - and so through he went as well.

Thankfully, the gate guard met somewhat of a kindred spirit with **MICAH BARRETT**, callsign **JAVELIN**. Giving the guard a quick pep talk that made his day slightly less migraine-inducing, **JAVELIN** soon followed the rest inside in his mech, named the same as his callsign, and entered the Gibraltar Complex.

‎ 
‎ 
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, INTERIOR [SC-E-94]
The inside of the Gibraltar Complex were surprising to several of the mercenaries now entering it. Old crew quarters converted to operation centres and full-on barracks, former maintenance shafts to corridors and shortcuts, and the main hangar bay to the highlight of the complex; something half way between a shopping mall and a neighbourhood. Most of the party found their way to the meeting room without too much issue - **ECHO** having a keen sense of direction, while **CORVUS** and **MITTENS** were very much used to merc work, and quickly found their way up above the main hangar bay to the military sector. **JAVELIN** asked around, and got the direction pointed out by a patrolling **SSF** member. On the way, he picked up **WHISPER**, who was thoroughly lost, and brought him to the meeting room.

The various mercenaries found themselves in a barracks area, waiting as another group of prospective hires went in. **JAVELIN** and **WHISPER** talked amongst themselves briefly, with **ECHO** occasionally chiming in, about the situation and how they ended up here. **MITTENS** and **CORVUS** kept to themselves - that is, until **ECHO** walked up to **MITTENS** and inquired about her height. In turn, **MITTENS** inquired about **WHISPER**'s sensibilities, and flicked him in the forehead with her mechanical tail. **WHISPER** nodded at this and went back to sit down next to 'pops', his new name for **JAVELIN**. **CORVUS** smirked at the interplay.

Soon after, the group were witness to the previous band of prospective hires leaving in a huff - complaining about the situation. **JAVELIN** observed that they looked surprisingly fatigued, as if they'd been in combat, despite nary a scratch on their person; similarly, **ECHO** noticed increased heart rate and adrenaline with no discernable cause. They quickly discussed this, before a uniformed figure came to meet the group; **MD. FAROS RENTHAL**. After a brief impromptu interrogation of the man that resulted in little information, they were taken to the bridge of the former ship.

Entering the bridge, they met **CPT. FERRA AUTUMN**, the commander of the **SSF** in this sector. **CPT AUTUMN** was light on details for the mission, describing an assault mission on a base taken over by bandit forces with a priority target for extermination, but requiring the group to go through a testing procedure first to ensure their suitability for the job - after all, despite the stated requirements, there may be people trying to slip in for the paycheck above their grade. The group was taken down by **MD RENTHAL** to a lower level of the ship, where a holosim chamber had been expanded through hotwiring into a targeting computer for additional bandwith. After a brief geek-out session between **JAVELIN** and **TCH. WINNA ROUGE**, while **CORVUS** ensured the safety of the machinery they were about to be connected to, the group were wired into the virtual reality pods for their test.

‎ 
‎ 
# LOCATION: VIRTUAL REALITY, HOLOSIM CHAMBER-X04 [SC-N/A]
The group inspected each other's mechs, along with their own simulated ones. **JAVELIN** joked about potentially 'quietly altering' the simulation to their advantage, to **MITTEN**'s amusement, but to a gentle protest from the good midshipman. **CORVUS** insisted the group get on with it already.

After practising against some training dummies to get accustomed to the simulated environment, the mercenaries were placed into a city environment against an opposing squad of mechs. Through a combination of **SOMBRA**'s agility to dodge significant amounts of incoming fire, **ZENITH**'s impressive accuracy and firepower taking out priority targets, **JAVELIN** providing cover and fire support to the team, **LUCIUS** hacking and altering the opposition with malicious code, and finally **SOLEMN RAVEN** cleaving enemies in twain, the group was successful with nary a scratch.

‎ 
‎ 
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, INTERIOR [SC-E-94]
Exiting the holosim, **JAVELIN** briefly suggested some improvements to **TCH ROUGE** before the group were taken back to the bridge. Meeting again with **CPT AUTUMN**, the group were informed they were more than suitable for the mission at hand, having exceeded expectations in their performance. They were given some more details of the mission; a **SSF**-protected fuel extraction and refinery plant had been taken over by bandits known as **THE STARVED**, led by **THE HUNGRY MAW**, also known as **ALBERTA MENDENHALL**. A mixture of mech and mechanised infantry resistance was expected, and ideally, damage to the plant itself was to be minimised, with a bonus in accordance. However, for full details, they were required to sign a NDA agreement; they would be permitted to talk about the generalities of the mission, but had to avoid specific discussion of what was encountered during it. An odd requirement that was quickly picked up and picked at by the more experienced mercenaries of the group. **JAVELIN** inquired as to its reasoning, but was stonewalled about the specifics; however, he did notice the contract was surprisingly open and beneficial to the group - suspiciously so. **ECHO** didn't notice any glaring omissions or malicious lies coming from the captain, however. **MITTEMS** similarly began asking about the necessity of the form, but the group was interrupted by **CORVUS**, who - having signed more than one strange form for a mission before - insisted the group get going.

After - grudgingly, in some cases - having signed the form, the group was informed of the reason behind the restricted information available for the mission; **ALBERTA MENDENHALL** was in possession of a **HARVESTER**-class pattern group frame, outlawed by **UNION** for its dangerous construction, high civilian casualties, and historical instability. While not a typical **HARVESTER**-class frame, **THE MAW** was more heavily reinforced, utilising more traditional smelting and forging technologies as opposed to the more nanotechnology-focused standard pattern. The danger thusly lied not as much in the frame itself, but in the potential it offered; a low-cost, high-reproducability **HARVESTER**-class pattern that could be distributed wide-scale without **UNION** or corporative control. This, of course, is not something the **SSF** would particularly like to happen - particularly in the hands of bandits. As such, the group was given their objectives:

- Eliminate or otherwise remove **STARVED** forces occupying the **PLAINWELL FUEL PLANT**.
- Eliminate VIP-0194, '**ALBERTA MENDENHALL**', and her mech, **THE MAW**.
- [OPTIONAL] Minimise damage to the fuel plant.
- [OPTIONAL] Isolate and obtain the pattern for the **HARVESTER**-class pattern variant, to be delivered to the **SSF** for research and containment purposes.
- [OPTIONAL] Prevent full destabilisation of **THE MAW**'s reactor, as its detonation will result in radioactive material being spread across the local area.

The group was also briefed that **THE MAW** was, although heavily armed and armoured, suspected to have a weak heat capacity in exchange for its high performance with lower-grade materials than standard. Something about the name, **THE MAW**, reminded **CORVUS** of something he had encountered in his past life's career - but unable to come up with the information at the moment, he shrugged it off. With civilians evacuated from the plant and the group instructed on their upcoming mission, they were assigned to the care of **LT. RHYS BRIDGES**, who would further brief them and act as handler for the mission. They were given a day to prepare in the quarters of the complex.

‎ 
‎ 
## Date: 26/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, CREW QUARTERS [SC-E-94]
The group went their separate ways to prepare. **CORVUS** got focused, practising his boxing skills for future combat, while **JAVELIN** took the time to ask around the locals, eventually finding his way to a bar where he got information on the mission site from some of the displaced and disgruntled workers. **ECHO** identified a potential fallback location should things go south. **MITTENS** gathered everyone together, organising a two truths and a lie to get to know each other.

**WHISPER** went to therapy.

‎ 
‎ 
## Date: 27/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: ERREN PLAINS, NON-INHABITED [SC-J-21]
The group encountered a patrolling group of Starved forces, and decided to engage to create an opening. The group were wiped out by a combination of **CORVUS**' quick melee attacks, **WHISPER**'S devastating long-range snipes, **JAVELIN**'s fortifications, **ECHO**'s technological warfare and **MITTENS**' inability to take any sort of damage. **JAVELIN** tried to persuade one to surrender once the numbers were thinned, but failed to persuade the fanatic - but he did manage to scavenge some comms equipment from the wreckages.



## Date: 27/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: ERREN PLAINS, SCF FUEL PLANT [SC-J-23]
The group then moved on to the main plant itself as JAVELIN took advantage of the stolen comms equipment to narrow down a time to attack between patrols. Facing a combination of several squads of infantry, a defensively-fortifying bricklayer, several Striker-class mechs and a **RAINMAKER** artillery-platform providing long-range anti-air fire, the group pushed through the gruelling attack one step at a time, eventually getting up close and personal to the hiding artillery group and taking them down one by one.

Having retaken the base, the group took the time to regroup and recuperate. With their mechs repaired, they each made preparations for the oncoming return of The Hungry Maw and her entourage. **JAVELIN** and **CORVUS** worked together to power up **SOLEMN RAVEN**'s core power again with the remnants of the opposing force while **WHISPER** took up a position of overwatch. **JAVELIN** then took a glance into the main fuel production site, not finding anything out of place but a few missing fuel containers that had likely gone to **THE STARVED**'s mechs. 

**MITTENS** explored the neighbouring barracks, finding a laptop and access to the main system, connected to a communications jammer. **ECHO** then hacked into both, gaining control of the signal jammer and finding several files of interest on the laptop, the owner now identified as a lieutenant to **THE HUNGRY MAW**.

Firstly was an email from an unnamed industry sponsor, granting the group access to the base **HARVESTER**-class blueprints. However, **JAVELIN** and **MITTENS** quickly identified major flaws in its design, suggesting intentional sabotage - a way to test out the mech and not have it fall into opposing hands by giving it to a bandit group. **ECHO** traced the email back through heavily encrypted servers to a local branch of **HARRISON ARMOURY** on Scrapheap.

However, the following email changed things.

'The false prophets give you a poisoned chalice. 
We repair it, as the practise of Kintsugi. 
Take this, a gift from our Lord RA. 
Take this, a child, and take this, the bread of his body to feed it with. 
Drink deep from the smoulders, and descend.'

Even **ECHO** couldn't trace the hack directly, but judging by the terminology, he and **WHISPER** concluded it was likely sent by a **HORUS** cult. It came with a further refined version of the **HARVESTER** blueprint, fixing the previously observed issues, but also with a nearby coordinates for a dropoff - what was in the package delivered, the group did not know. However, from the scans, **THE HUNGRY MAW** was performing significantly above baseline performance; abnormally so. Noting this down, the group prepared for the oncoming assault as **WHISPER** observed the incoming force - particularly the towering **HARVESTER**-class frame.

As **THE STARVED**'s main force arrived, the group sprang into action. Faced with lightweight grunts and transport mechs to begin with, they started sending fire down range, thinning the herd. **THE HUNGRY MAW** soon arrived, however, and thus the battlefield changed significantly. With **THRALL DRONES** crawling along the ground in an unnatural manner that made **JAVELIN** shiver, it began its slow march towards the base, covered by an aircraft with heavy firepower. **JAVELIN** was pinned down by said aircraft preparing a rocket pod, saved by a quick response from **WHISPER** shooting it down, while **MITTENS** and **CORVUS** charged forward, the former weaving and the latter flying towards **THE HUNGRY MAW**. **ECHO** provided much-needed overwatch to the advancing vanguard, flinging hacks down range and shifting mechs even as large as **THE HUNGRY MAW** around the battlefield.

Though the group managed to take down the opposition's vanguard, **THE HUNGRY MAW** remained strong, firing harvesting beams and devouring the wrecks of its allies, its whirring maw managing to chomp down on **JAVELIN** to horrific effectiveness. Still, with a well-timed shot from **WHISPER** and a debilitating hack from **ECHO**, its advance was delayed. **JAVELIN** took the opportunity to identify the pilot location, and was surprised to find out it was directly next to the irradiating fission reactor! With this abnormality noted, they also located the life support vents on the outside of the mech, and relayed this to the group as they fortified the base, with **WHISPER** and **CORVUS** managing to take one out on its roof.

However, this triggered a change in **THE HUNGRY MAW**'s combat style, the scrap it had feasted on bursting out in a tide of molten metal around it as it turned into a portabl mech foundry. Dozens of **THRALL DRONES** dived out of the pool of metal, the group having to cull the herd before **THE HUNGRY MAW** exhausted its reserves, the effort having melted a portion of its frame - but also revealing the reactor to open air, and its nuclear capabilities prepared, as warned by a observant **JAVELIN**.

Flying above their opponent, **CORVUS** struck at the side vent, while **MITTENS** attacked the bottom. A dirty bomb launch was halted by a timely intervention from **WHISPER**, but its main weapon, an irradiating laser, hit **CORVUS** dead-on, destroying **SOLEMN RAVEN** - though not before he struck a critical blow. With **THE HUNGRY MAW** so weakened, a final blow from **ECHO** to its core was enough to disable whatever protection the pilot had, flash-frying them as the mech burnt itself to a crisp.

Recovering **CORVUS** from the wreckage along the way, the group approached the ruins of the mech. As **CORVUS** and **JAVELIN** reported back to the **SSF** to confirm mission completion, **ECHO** turning off the signal jammer, **MITTENS** and **WHISPER** took a closer look at the abnormal cockpit. Cutting her way inside, **MITTENS** found the unpleasant sight of a bloody paste within, but also a strange configuration of wires surrounding the cockpit and heading all throughout **THE HUNGRY MAW**, connected to what looked like a **NHP Casket**. **JAVELIN** wasn't the most fond of this revelation, **MITTENS** mused on it being some kind of eldritch mech-heart, and **WHISPER** and **ECHO** both got a strange feeling of 'deadness' from the casket. Keeping it sealed and secret, the group returned successfully to the **GIBRALTAR COMPLEX**, all mission objectives completed.



## Date: 28/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, MECH BAY [SC-E-94]
As the group returned the following morn, **CORVUS** took the chance to get some sleep with some strange dreams while the rest decided to examine the obtained **CASKET**-like device. Carefully deciding what to do with it, eventually **JAVELIN** secured several suits of protective gear - with a promise for him and **MITTENS** to come and assist the technician when they next had some downtime to improve the VR suite - and cut into the frame. Inside was a vial of white-hot powder, still blistering even after a whole day's time. With not much more found out about the powder beyond **WHISPER**'s insistence on keeping it secure, having given him bad flashbacks that clung to him during his next downtime, the group went to their debriefing, notifying the **SSF** of the obtained material. With **WHISPER**'s **UNION** connections, they got a representative to come in-person to collect the strange material, and successfully completed the mission.
