# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, INTERIOR [SC-E-94]
Exiting the holosim, **JAVELIN** briefly suggested some improvements to **TCH ROUGE** before the group were taken back to the bridge. Meeting again with **CPT AUTUMN**, the group were informed they were more than suitable for the mission at hand, having exceeded expectations in their performance. They were given some more details of the mission; a **SSF**-protected fuel extraction and refinery plant had been taken over by bandits known as **THE STARVED**, led by **THE HUNGRY MAW**, also known as **ALBERTA MENDENHALL**. A mixture of mech and mechanised infantry resistance was expected, and ideally, damage to the plant itself was to be minimised, with a bonus in accordance. However, for full details, they were required to sign a NDA agreement; they would be permitted to talk about the generalities of the mission, but had to avoid specific discussion of what was encountered during it. An odd requirement that was quickly picked up and picked at by the more experienced mercenaries of the group. **JAVELIN** inquired as to its reasoning, but was stonewalled about the specifics; however, he did notice the contract was surprisingly open and beneficial to the group - suspiciously so. **ECHO** didn't notice any glaring omissions or malicious lies coming from the captain, however. **MITTEMS** similarly began asking about the necessity of the form, but the group was interrupted by **CORVUS**, who - having signed more than one strange form for a mission before - insisted the group get going.

After - grudgingly, in some cases - having signed the form, the group was informed of the reason behind the restricted information available for the mission; **ALBERTA MENDENHALL** was in possession of a **HARVESTER**-class pattern group frame, outlawed by **UNION** for its dangerous construction, high civilian casualties, and historical instability. While not a typical **HARVESTER**-class frame, **THE MAW** was more heavily reinforced, utilising more traditional smelting and forging technologies as opposed to the more nanotechnology-focused standard pattern. The danger thusly lied not as much in the frame itself, but in the potential it offered; a low-cost, high-reproducability **HARVESTER**-class pattern that could be distributed wide-scale without **UNION** or corporative control. This, of course, is not something the **SSF** would particularly like to happen - particularly in the hands of bandits. As such, the group was given their objectives:

- Eliminate or otherwise remove **STARVED** forces occupying the **PLAINWELL FUEL PLANT**.
- Eliminate VIP-0194, '**ALBERTA MENDENHALL**', and her mech, **THE MAW**.
- [OPTIONAL] Minimise damage to the fuel plant.
- [OPTIONAL] Isolate and obtain the pattern for the **HARVESTER**-class pattern variant, to be delivered to the **SSF** for research and containment purposes.
- [OPTIONAL] Prevent full destabilisation of **THE MAW**'s reactor, as its detonation will result in radioactive material being spread across the local area.

The group was also briefed that **THE MAW** was, although heavily armed and armoured, suspected to have a weak heat capacity in exchange for its high performance with lower-grade materials than standard. Something about the name, **THE MAW**, reminded **CORVUS** of something he had encountered in his past life's career - but unable to come up with the information at the moment, he shrugged it off. With civilians evacuated from the plant and the group instructed on their upcoming mission, they were assigned to the care of **LT. RHYS BRIDGES**, who would further brief them and act as handler for the mission. They were given a day to prepare in the quarters of the complex.

‎ 
‎ 
## Date: 26/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, CREW QUARTERS [SC-E-94]
The group went their separate ways to prepare. **CORVUS** got focused, practising his boxing skills for future combat, while **JAVELIN** took the time to ask around the locals, eventually finding his way to a bar where he got information on the mission site from some of the displaced and disgruntled workers. **ECHO** identified a potential fallback location should things go south. **MITTENS** gathered everyone together, organising a two truths and a lie to get to know each other.

**WHISPER** went to therapy.

‎ 
‎ 
## Date: 27/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: ERREN PLAINS, NON-INHABITED [SC-J-21]
The group encountered a patrolling group of Starved forces, and decided to engage to create an opening. The group were wiped out by a combination of **CORVUS**' quick melee attacks, **WHISPER**'S devastating long-range snipes, **JAVELIN**'s fortifications, **ECHO**'s technological warfare and **MITTENS**' inability to take any sort of damage. **JAVELIN** tried to persuade one to surrender once the numbers were thinned, but failed to persuade the fanatic - but he did manage to scavenge some comms equipment from the wreckages.



## Date: 27/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: ERREN PLAINS, SCF FUEL PLANT [SC-J-23]
The group then moved on to the main plant itself as JAVELIN took advantage of the stolen comms equipment to narrow down a time to attack between patrols. Facing a combination of several squads of infantry, a defensively-fortifying bricklayer, several Striker-class mechs and a **RAINMAKER** artillery-platform providing long-range anti-air fire, the group pushed through the gruelling attack one step at a time, eventually getting up close and personal to the hiding artillery group and taking them down one by one.

Having retaken the base, the group took the time to regroup and recuperate. With their mechs repaired, they each made preparations for the oncoming return of The Hungry Maw and her entourage. **JAVELIN** and **CORVUS** worked together to power up **SOLEMN RAVEN**'s core power again with the remnants of the opposing force while **WHISPER** took up a position of overwatch. **JAVELIN** then took a glance into the main fuel production site, not finding anything out of place but a few missing fuel containers that had likely gone to **THE STARVED**'s mechs. 

**MITTENS** explored the neighbouring barracks, finding a laptop and access to the main system, connected to a communications jammer. **ECHO** then hacked into both, gaining control of the signal jammer and finding several files of interest on the laptop, the owner now identified as a lieutenant to **THE HUNGRY MAW**.

Firstly was an email from an unnamed industry sponsor, granting the group access to the base **HARVESTER**-class blueprints. However, **JAVELIN** and **MITTENS** quickly identified major flaws in its design, suggesting intentional sabotage - a way to test out the mech and not have it fall into opposing hands by giving it to a bandit group. **ECHO** traced the email back through heavily encrypted servers to a local branch of **HARRISON ARMOURY** on Scrapheap.

However, the following email changed things.

'The false prophets give you a poisoned chalice. 
We repair it, as the practise of Kintsugi. 
Take this, a gift from our Lord RA. 
Take this, a child, and take this, the bread of his body to feed it with. 
Drink deep from the smoulders, and descend.'

Even **ECHO** couldn't trace the hack directly, but judging by the terminology, he and **WHISPER** concluded it was likely sent by a **HORUS** cult. It came with a further refined version of the **HARVESTER** blueprint, fixing the previously observed issues, but also with a nearby coordinates for a dropoff - what was in the package delivered, the group did not know. However, from the scans, **THE HUNGRY MAW** was performing significantly above baseline performance; abnormally so. Noting this down, the group prepared for the oncoming assault as **WHISPER** observed the incoming force - particularly the towering **HARVESTER**-class frame.

As **THE STARVED**'s main force arrived, the group sprang into action. Faced with lightweight grunts and transport mechs to begin with, they started sending fire down range, thinning the herd. **THE HUNGRY MAW** soon arrived, however, and thus the battlefield changed significantly. With **THRALL DRONES** crawling along the ground in an unnatural manner that made **JAVELIN** shiver, it began its slow march towards the base, covered by an aircraft with heavy firepower. **JAVELIN** was pinned down by said aircraft preparing a rocket pod, saved by a quick response from **WHISPER** shooting it down, while **MITTENS** and **CORVUS** charged forward, the former weaving and the latter flying towards **THE HUNGRY MAW**. **ECHO** provided much-needed overwatch to the advancing vanguard, flinging hacks down range and shifting mechs even as large as **THE HUNGRY MAW** around the battlefield.

Though the group managed to take down the opposition's vanguard, **THE HUNGRY MAW** remained strong, firing harvesting beams and devouring the wrecks of its allies, its whirring maw managing to chomp down on **JAVELIN** to horrific effectiveness. Still, with a well-timed shot from **WHISPER** and a debilitating hack from **ECHO**, its advance was delayed. **JAVELIN** took the opportunity to identify the pilot location, and was surprised to find out it was directly next to the irradiating fission reactor! With this abnormality noted, they also located the life support vents on the outside of the mech, and relayed this to the group as they fortified the base, with **WHISPER** and **CORVUS** managing to take one out on its roof.

However, this triggered a change in **THE HUNGRY MAW**'s combat style, the scrap it had feasted on bursting out in a tide of molten metal around it as it turned into a portabl mech foundry. Dozens of **THRALL DRONES** dived out of the pool of metal, the group having to cull the herd before **THE HUNGRY MAW** exhausted its reserves, the effort having melted a portion of its frame - but also revealing the reactor to open air, and its nuclear capabilities prepared, as warned by a observant **JAVELIN**.

Flying above their opponent, **CORVUS** struck at the side vent, while **MITTENS** attacked the bottom. A dirty bomb launch was halted by a timely intervention from **WHISPER**, but its main weapon, an irradiating laser, hit **CORVUS** dead-on, destroying **SOLEMN RAVEN** - though not before he struck a critical blow. With **THE HUNGRY MAW** so weakened, a final blow from **ECHO** to its core was enough to disable whatever protection the pilot had, flash-frying them as the mech burnt itself to a crisp.

Recovering **CORVUS** from the wreckage along the way, the group approached the ruins of the mech. As **CORVUS** and **JAVELIN** reported back to the **SSF** to confirm mission completion, **ECHO** turning off the signal jammer, **MITTENS** and **WHISPER** took a closer look at the abnormal cockpit. Cutting her way inside, **MITTENS** found the unpleasant sight of a bloody paste within, but also a strange configuration of wires surrounding the cockpit and heading all throughout **THE HUNGRY MAW**, connected to what looked like a **NHP Casket**. **JAVELIN** wasn't the most fond of this revelation, **MITTENS** mused on it being some kind of eldritch mech-heart, and **WHISPER** and **ECHO** both got a strange feeling of 'deadness' from the casket. Keeping it sealed and secret, the group returned successfully to the **GIBRALTAR COMPLEX**, all mission objectives completed.



## Date: 28/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, MECH BAY [SC-E-94]
As the group returned the following morn, **CORVUS** took the chance to get some sleep with some strange dreams while the rest decided to examine the obtained **CASKET**-like device. Carefully deciding what to do with it, eventually **JAVELIN** secured several suits of protective gear - with a promise for him and **MITTENS** to come and assist the technician when they next had some downtime to improve the VR suite - and cut into the frame. Inside was a vial of white-hot powder, still blistering even after a whole day's time. With not much more found out about the powder beyond **WHISPER**'s insistence on keeping it secure, having given him bad flashbacks that clung to him during his next downtime, the group went to their debriefing, notifying the **SSF** of the obtained material. With **WHISPER**'s **UNION** connections, they got a representative to come in-person to collect the strange material, and successfully completed the mission.
