## Date: 04/07/5021u RTC
# MISSION AVAILABLE - OPEN CHANNEL [OPEN CONTRACTS > IPS-N]
Greetings, Lancers.

This is a mission from Constellation, a subsidiary of IPS-N.

Grid SC-I-63 is currently under contention for control between several corporations, despite the legal rights belonging to Constellation. Specifically, SSC-associated finance group 'FRAGMENT' are attempting to claim the area forcefully in hopes proven occupation will bring the grid under their control legally, hiring a mixture of local mercenaries and a small number from further afield associated with the Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company.

Your objective is to destroy the local MT group, along with disabling or otherwise removing any Lancers in the area, and reclaim control of the base. This area provides valuable natural resources that are key to long-term functioning in the area, particularly important for the settling of new colonies.

We anticipate your positive response.



## Date: 04/07/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, CREW QUARTERS [SC-E-94]
In their downtime between missions, the group got up to various downtime activities. **WHISPER** attempted to try to get to know **MITTENS**, confused about their mere existance, while they were working on **SOMBRA**. After asking what was on her mind, and being told she wanted to move even faster, they had one of the most legendarily awkward conversations known to man or NHP as the rest of the group looked on in a strange mixture of horror, bemusement, *a*musement, and just generally being unable to look away like a trainwreck in slow motion.

**CORVUS** decided to simply leave and go boxing to rid his mind of the second-hand embarrassment. Not that he'll say that openly, but we all know that's the real reason. Totally. When he was wrapping up, he saw that the old mercenary channel his former self used, inactive for years, had a new message - and, though anonymously sent, was most likely from the infamous pirate-come-hivemind The Maw, the base of the Balor pattern frame, who thanked them and the rest of the team for ridding the world of 'a pretender'. They received a special Exotic weapon mod in exchange, adding on the Nexus weapon type to whatever it was equipped to for 1SP.

**MICAH**, after said daily entertainment, looked around for some seedier business; a robot fighting ring. He discovered there was one for full-grade mechs, though usually reserved for honour duels or settling inter-company issues, but there was a very slightly less violent option of Sci-Fi Robot Wars. The grin on his face was never wider as he entered, and for his first try, did damn well. He ended up getting into contact with various individuals, with one in particular being a more grizzled mercenary who give him some tips and got his attention.

**WHISPER** went to therapy. Again.

**MITTENS**, on the other hand, tried to find some information about the Lancers they were supposed to be facing in the upcoming mission - **APEX** and **STORMSPARROW**. She looked through some official releases and more unofficial sources of information, eventually finding some more detailed battle reports and specifications - but not before being traced back, the information being a honeypot, and only narrowly escaping the trace with some held from **ECHO**. Together, however, they managed to gain some valuable information on their foes-to-be, with **ECHO** looking through a script-kiddy forum and eventually finding his way to a **HORUS**-associated site, managing to find information on the site of engagement, at the cost of having to hack into the **GIBRALTAR COMPLEX** later for requested information.



## Date: 05/07/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: SCRAPHEAP CONSTELLATION OUTPOST [SC-I-63]
Moving out, the group found themselves near-immediately engaging the opposition, hot-dropped near the outpost. **CORVUS** and **MITTENS** made their way forward aggressively, taking out independent mercenaries stationed at the outpost and heading toward the capture zone, while **JAVELIN** and **WHISPER** worked together to begin fortifying and taking out priority targets. **ECHO** took the opportunity to seed some discord throughout the less-disciplined independent mercs, and the group made good headway.

Soon, however, the **FRAGMENT**-associated MTs began to arrive, providing more of an issue for the group. Facing a resilient **BASTION** and a **WITCH**, the group moved into a more cautious stance. Quickly eliminating the latter as a priority target, the **BASTION** withstood heavy punishment, managing to survive until more **FRAGMENT** MTs arrived.

The group, however, managed to take most out - just in time, as **MSMC** **APEX** and **STORMSPARROW** arrived to the battlefield in their mechs, **PREDATOR** and **TWICE-STRUCK**. **CORVUS** decided to take on **PREDATOR** face-to-face, the two of them exchanging mutually devastating blows on the first turn, while **TWICE-STRUCK** faced interference from **ECHO** and **MITTENS**. **JAVELIN** and **WHISPER** took the opportunity to mop up a majority of the remaining MTs, but at a price - the two enemy Lancers managing to cause severe damage to the team, particularly as **STORMSPARROW** activated their core power, hitting the squad with a barrage of long-range missiles.

Over a gruelling battle, including such scenes as **WHISPER** dodging a barrage of melee attacks through sheer fucking force of will, **CORVUS** once again being cockblocked by a flying enemy seconds away from vivisecting it, **ECHO** spawning an absurd number of shinies, **JAVELIN** making the Great Wall of Scrapheap, and **MITTENS** being hit in the shin by a vengeful jeep, the group managed to come out ahead, with several individuals having to fully repair their mechs after the combat. With a few hours of downtime, they were picked up by the **SCF** - and quickly informed that they were urgently needed back at base...



