## Date: 26/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: SCF SHOEBILL 08 [IN TRANSIT] [SC-I-13]
The group has been informed that a corporation has laid claim over a nearby sea through subversive yet just-about-legal means, but the locals and the **SCF** do not intend to let that stand. 

However, they are facing an issue - **INTERCORP™**, the claimant, has also deployed a Leviathan-class Behemoth frame to the sea. Behemoths are huge weapons of mass destruction, and the **SCF** do not have the resources to face them on their own. The group deploys back to the **GIBRALTAR COMPLEX**, awaiting an in-person briefing...



## Date: 26/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, BRIDGE [SC-E-94]
**CPT. FERRA AUTUMN** met the group, along with a host of corporate relations officers from several different major and minor corporations in the sector. The group settled down, and were informed of the situation.

"Lancers. Good to see you. This is an emergency mission from the **SCRAPHEAP SECURITY FORCE**.

**THE ETERNAL SEA**, ranging from grid SC-C-75 to SC-D-17 is an important geographical location on Scrapheap. It contains critical infrastructure to local inhabitants, corporations, and natives alike, including floating and seabed habitats, a surprisingly rich local ecosystem, partly due to the presence of exotic metamaterials within the sea, and is a key source of water in the local region, with effectively endless freshwater produced by the terraforming equipment – giving the location its name.

As such, the area holds important strategic value, and is held under a shared agreement. Until two days ago, when **INTERCORP™** - a large shareholder company – has cited ownership of the area due to dissolution of a local governing body using a legal loophole. To enforce this, they have sent the Leviathan-class *Behemoth* frame ‘**SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN**’ to defend the location. This ship contains a high-powered shield generator, protecting it from long range assault, located near the bridge; a prototype main railgun, with extreme range and penetration power, to counteract other Behemoths; and a heavy assortment of other mounted weapons, such as artillery and anti-air, along with the expected *Behemoth* resilience.

*Behemoth* frames are particularly difficult to fight conventionally. Possessing high firepower and defensive capabilities, along with an accompanying cost, they can take out entire armies of MTs. However, they do possess one key vulnerability. Specialist forces are known to be highly effective against them where mass assaults fail, and responding in kind is incredibly costly and destructive.

The Leviathan-class *Behemoth*’s shield is powerful, but – due to its design functioning by partially cancelling incoming kinetic force – is ineffective against slower moving projectiles.

‘Projectiles’ such as the cruising-speed of a team of Lancers, for example.

You will be equipped with a *GMS XS-6-OVERBOOST* module, enabling for rapid approach to the target location. It will allow for continuous flight and use of Boost until you reach the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN**, at which point you will have to discard the booster and pass through the shield at a cruising speed. Once there, you will have to target the various main ‘modules’ of the *Behemoth* to make its main core vulnerable. The Leviathan-class possesses five: its shield generator, main railgun, a set of twin-linked artillery pieces, an anti-ship cannon, and a heavy anti-aircraft launcher. Removal of these obstacles will allow targeting of the main bridge of the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN**.

You are some of the few Lancers available on base, and of those, some of the fewer who have proven themselves in asymmetrical combat. Your assistance on this matter is vital to Scrapheap’s continued prosperity. We hope that, and a sizable danger pay, will inspire you to come to our aid in this time.

Good hunting, Lancers."

The group had a few questions to ask before accepting. **WHISPER** questioned about the strength and issues behind attacking **INTERCORP™** - and whether there would be legal ramifications for doing so. Assured of the team's safety, and the backing of the other corporations if any legal battle did occur, **JAVELIN** then asked about the possibility of an underwater assault. From the explanation, it'd be useful up close, but lacking in necessary speed and stealth due to the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN**'s significant sensor suite. With this solved, the group took a day to prepare, having downtime.

**WHISPER** decided, after his previous experience with getting the heebie-jeebies from various paracausal bullshit, to learn to meditate as he *Got Focused*. 

**JAVELIN** decided to obtain breaching charges *At A Cost*; with help from **MITTENS**, the two managed to safely construct a group of three charges for use against the upcoming Behemoth.

**ODIN** decided to *Gather Information* on their upcoming foe, looking into publically available and corporate databanks about the variety of fighters the ship could deploy against them in their upcoming flight towards the main opponent - and with his mercenary background, striking gold with finding out both the capacity of the Behemoth, and the variety of fighters **INTERCORP™** usually deploys.

**KIRCHE** decided to *Get Focused* as well, but looking into Breach Protocol - aiming to perform future corporate espionage to help prevent or counteract issues like this in the future.



## Date: 27/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: THE ETERNAL SEA [SC-D-03]
The group was deployed at range from the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN**, flying on powerful jet engines - much to **MITTEN**'s delight and **CORVUS**' approval, along with **JAVELIN**'s curiosity about the design. They were soon hailed by the Behemoth, who initially misunderstood the group for aircraft 'illegally' entering their airspace - but soon, the sensor suite revealed the truth behind the gang, and with the realisation Lancer Mechs were on their way, aircraft were deployed.

Facing three waves of opponents, along with a constant barrage of weapons fire from the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN**, the group took out the opposition one-by-one, occasionally knocking enemies into the oncoming artillery for a spot of friendly fire. Notably, **CORVUS** was cucked once again by yet another *Ace*.

Twice.

That said, he then cleaved it into very small pieces with a crit, so what comes around goes around.



# LOCATION: THE ETERNAL SEA, BEHEMOTH-CLASS FRAME 'SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN' [SC-D-07]
Making landfall, the group breached through the Behemoth's shields as the GMS-OVERBOOST modules were cannibalised to repair their mechs. Landing in nearby waters, **ECHO** made efficient use of their *Blazing Stars* to launch **MITTENS** 46 spaces toward the vessel, as well as securing the rest of the team's passage towards the ship. **JAVELIN** gave the **INTERCORP™** crew a chance to surrender, which they haughtily denied - they were in a *Behemoth* after all!

Making use of the *Breaching Charges* she had acquired, **MITTENS** detonated the main railgun, while **CORVUS**, **WHISPER** and **JAVELIN** began to make quick work of the other guns. That said, the ship wasn't helpless - responding with heavy artillery fire, boxing people in with bubble shields, and reparing the main railgun to strike the team, narrowly missing thanks to *A Little Nudge* from **ECHO**. The various smaller turrets provided great hassle for the group, along with the shield generator keeping people separated, but it proved to be almost beneficial to the group as **CORVUS** was protected from a rain of missiles as a result, and - as the shield generator fell, leaving the bridge open - ominously floated up along with **ECHO** as they began hacking away at the main module.

This horrifying sight in mind, the crew surrendered, the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN** was captured by the **SSF**, and the group returned home as heroes of the day.



## Date: 27/06/5021u RTC
# LOCATION: GIBRALTAR COMPLEX, BAR [SC-E-94]
The group had a celebration with other members of the complex over their victory!

**ECHO**, **CHURCH** and **WHISPER** all ended up drunk. Or robot-drunk. They woke up in an alleyway. **CHURCH** was notably missing his subaltern body, despite remembering the events of the night, while both **WHISPER** and **ECHO** had gotten too drunk to remember anything beyond having a good time.

**MITTENS** went to help **JAVELIN**, who both ended up in conversation over lighter drinking before digging around for some information about everything they had just undertaken. Not a huge amount was revealed during the revelling, but they hoped to get some information back on how the **SPEARPOINT UNTO DAWN** suddenly ended up in the middle of the largest body of water on Scrapheap without anyone noticing before it was too late.
