Micah didn't seek out the life of a Lancer. Rather, he embraced it so that one day he'd be able to put his ghosts to rest.

Born on a remote colony world called Druna 3-7, Micah spent most of his life scrounging through salvage and fixing up whatever he could get his hands on -- a fairly common profession, as the world was essentially one gigantic junkyard. The people were simple and honest, most making their living selling refurbished hardware and second-hand goods to whoever was willing to buy. One day, much to his surprise, Micah discovered a mostly intact mech frame within a pile of recently deposited junk. Ruined mechs weren't uncommon, but it was exceedingly rare to find one in such good condition. Knowing this particular find could be worth a lot, Micah set about painstakingly restoring it over the course of several years.

No one ever bothered much with Druna 3-7 -- it was a world of cast-off things and cast-off people, and although there were occasional bands of raiders who thought to make the world their territory most left once they realized there was little of real value. It came as a complete surprise, then, when the bombs began dropping in the middle of the night. People died left and right, cut down by the explosions and the ruthless efficiency of the soldiers that followed. Micah was no soldier and barely knew enough to pilot effectively, but he tried to fend them off all the same... but to no avail. The massacre was total, everyone he knew and loved died in a single bloody night. Only through sheer luck was he spared, stuck inside his mech and buried beneath a collapsed building.

In the years since, Micah has never stopped looking for who attacked his world, and why. His path led him to become a mercenary, but one selective in the jobs he accepts. To Micah, civilian casualties are always unacceptable -- only those who choose to fight should be put in harm's way, and he tries hard to live by this as his guiding principle. Even so, he hasn't always been able to keep his hands clean. He's had to part from former comrades when their methods and goals veer away from what Micah is willing to accept, and sometimes only after the damage has already been done. Still, he presses on to attempt to make some sense out of the chaos and eventually find the answers he's looking for. If you stand by him with courage and mercy he will fight tooth and nail for you -- if you stand against him, he will add you to a somber tally. Micah takes no pleasure in killing, but he is ultimately a pragmatist and will do what he can to survive.

## Trivia

* STUFF
